feat: code smell command, display commands error in chat (#602)
sourcegraph/cody: vscode/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - Update shortcut for Cody Commands Menu to `alt` + `c` due to conflict with exisiting keybind for `fixup`. [pull/602](https://github.com/sourcegraph/cody/pull/602)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update shortcut for Cody Commands Menu to `alt` + `c` due to conflict with existing keybinding for `fixup`. [pull/602](https://github.com/sourcegraph/cody/pull/602)
```
